Ring of Rings
This ring when used creates a copy of the ring on the finger it's on.
The old ring is destroyed.

The Teddy Bear of Love
When someone squeezes this teddy bear they feel warm, fuzzy, and safe.
The bear says "I love you" when squeezed.

Alchemy Jug
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/alchemy-jug

Pouch of +3 Ammunition
You have a +3 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this piece of magic ammunition.
Once it hits a target, the ammunition is no longer magical. The bag contains 20 pieces.

The mask of invisibility
This plastic bear mask causes the wearer to believe that they are in fact completely invisible.
Any event that may suggest other wise causes a DC 20 intelligence check. 
On a fail the user insists that they are still invisible.

Armoured Nanites
These nanites combine with any synth-suit. They provide an armour bonus.
Roll a d4-1 (minimum of 1) to determine their effectiveness when assimilating.
This armour bonus exists as long as the synth-suit is worn.

Bag of Beans
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bag-of-beans 
The name "Justin" is written on the tag

Aethis' Orb of Spying
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/9377-aethis-orb-of-spying

Clint's Rule Book
Once every 7 days the user may make a DC20 Arcana check.
On a success, the user can cast any spell without material components, somatic components, and a casting time of 1 action.
On a fail, the book cannot be used for 24 hours and the user must make a DC15 Wisdom check. 
On a fail, they are paralysed for one turn as a cacauphony of laughter can be heard.
On success, nothing happens, but the user realises that they shouldn't be able to cast that, Clinton.
A user gains 2 levels of exhaustion after a successful use. 

All or nothing
Once every 24 hours, on any D20 roll, you can instead flip a 2-sided coin and let fate decide the outcome. 
Heads equates to a critical hit and tails is a critical miss

Dagger of Don Draper
This item has 10 charges that reset each dawn.
1 charge - This dagger will return to the user after being thrown.
3 charges - This dagger will hit as if it was the spell "Magic Missile"
5 charges - This dagger will turn into a whiskey glass complete with expensive Congiac with ice. 
Consuming it grants 1d8+3 hitpoints and advantage on the next constitution check. 
Once the Congiac is consumed, the dagger reverts back.

Sick As Hoverboard
This hoverboard looks like a skateboard without wheels.
It has a movement speed of 40 feet and can hover up to 10 feet above the ground.
If you are in space, this item gives you a movement speed of 20 feet. 
This goes down by 5 feet for each 50 pounds over 200. (To a minimum of 1ft of movement)

Sh'ring'king
This ring is made of an uknown substance.
When worn, a creature of medium or larger can make their size tiny for 1 hour. 
After being used, the item must spend 24 hours recharging.

Ring of the Grammarian
The wearer of this ring can, once a day, alter one letter of a spell's title to alter the spell for a different effect.
Such as "Cause Fear" becoming "Cause Bear"
The effect of these altered spells are deteremined by the DM, but with the caster's intentions taken into account.

Bag of Wonderous Randomisation
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/5976-bag-of-wondrous-randomization

Ring of Recall
A small ring that allows the spellcaster wearing it to regain a spell slot after having failed in casting a spell. 
Can be used in this way once a day.

Fork of Bees
This gold-and-black striped fork has 4 charges, and it regains 1d4 charges daily at dawn. 
As an action, you can yell "BEEEEES!" and expend a charge to summon a swarm of bees.
There is a chance on each cast that a giant bee is summoned instead. The DM rolls this in secret.

Soul Binding Gem
This small purple gem can be placed on any piece of equipment to give it the "Soul Bound" feature.
A soul bound item can be summoned and dismissed into a pocket dimension at will.
The ritual to bind the gem takes 1 hour and 50gp.
A creature can only have 3 of these gems active at a time.

Cloak of Steve
Wearing this cloak provides two benefits to the attuned. Each feature can be used once per day. These uses recharge at dawn. 
As a reaction, you can summon a spectral protector named Steve. Steve appears between the wielder and a would-be attacker. 
The attacks automatically target Steve in place of the wielder. 
Steve has an AC of 14 and 20 HP. When Steve is reduced to 0 HP, he dissipates.
As an action, you can cast a limited version of Alter Self. The disguise is always a nondescript human man named Steve. 
Any deception checks made as Steve pertaining to being boring and mundane are made at advantage. 
If you know someone named Steve, he looks exactly like that. 

Cloak of Billowing
While wearing this cloak, you can use a bonus action to make it billow dramatically.

Vampiric Field
This is counted as an implant and must be implanted by someone capable of Cybernetics.
As a free action this field can be activated. The field is a 10ft sphere around the person implanted and causes a red glow from them.
When anyone is damaged in the field, the implanted gains half the damage, rounded down, as health.
The field lasts 1 minute. The user must take a short or long rest, with food, to recharge the implant.

Cloaking Field
This is counted as an implant and must be implanted by someone capable of Cybernetics.
The user gains the benefits of the spell Greater Invisibility for 1 minute. 
They cannot be detected by any see invisibility spells, however, they can be seen by infrared sight.
The implant requires a long rest, with food, to recharge.

Decanter of Endless Water
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/decanter-of-endless-water

Deck of Many Things
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/deck-of-many-things

Key of Unlocking
Once per day, this key made from a grey metal, can be placed in any lock and unlock it.
This includes key pads, but not doors that do not have a clear unlocking mechanishm, such as a key hole or key pad.

Circlet of Concentration
When attuned this allows a spellcaster to concentrate on two spells at once. If they fail a concentration check they lose both spells.

Some sort of weird orb thing
This item looks like a small glass orb full of some sort of liquid.
You gain advantage on bartering when the orb is involved in the trade.
When you first get the orb make an Investigation check to discover what the liquid is. You can only attempt this once.
Any attempt to describe the fluid always leave you rambling.

Okay Leon, This Is Just a Banana dude
Literally just a banana. Tasty and a good source of potasium.
It is ripe and ready to eat. It will expire in 5 days.

Ellen Pager
This pager can contact anyone in the universe, as long as their name is Ellen.

The Stereo of Amazing Music
This stereo, once a day without warning, will play the song Luke Million by Arnold schwarzenegger.

Spoon of Ambiguity
This spoon lies uncomfortably between a teaspoon and a tablespoon. 
Any creature within 5 feet of the spoon must make a Wisdom saving throw (DC 20) 
or spend their next turn coming to terms with its existence, and can take no other actions. 
The creature must have an intelligence score of 5 or more to be affected in this way. 
After being affected in this way, a creature can not suffer the effects of the spoon again.

Anti-Magic Field
This is counted as an implant and must be implanted by someone capable of Cybernetics.
For 1 minute, no magic can exist within a 5ft sphere around the implanted.
Magic items cannot be used within this field, not can anyone cast spells inside this field.
Any active spell effects are dispelled if they enter the field.
This recharges after a long rest.

Emergency Stablisation Gem
This is a magical implant, and can only be implanted by someone who can cast 5th level or higher spells.
This gem is a small, pale blue gem cut into a triangle.
If the implanted is to drop to 0 hitpoints, they become incorporeal and cannot be harmed. This has one use and recharged at dawn.
Creatures in the original dimension see a pale blue, wavering ghost of the implanted on the ground.
While in the pocket dimension they do not need to make death saving throws.
The users of the original dimension can heal the ghost, causing the implanted to re-appear.

Immovable Rod
This flat iron rod has a button on one end. 
You can use an action to press the button, which causes the rod to become magically fixed in place. 
Until you or another creature uses an action to push the button again, the rod doesn't move, even if it is defying gravity. 
The rod can hold up to 8,000 pounds of weight. More weight causes the rod to deactivate and fall.
A creature can use an action to make a DC 30 Strength check, moving the fixed rod up to 10 feet on a success.

Movable Rod
This flat iron rod has a button on one end. 
You can use an action to press the button, which causes the rod to lose all weight and gravity,
It will float this way until the button is pressed again.

Magic Missile Gem
This is a magical implant, and can only be implanted by someone who can cast 5th level or higher spells.
As a bonus action, a person can cast Magic Missile at first level at will.
They must already have the ability to cast 1st level spells, as the gem is powered by ones magical abilites.

Matchbox 20
This matchbox has 20 matchsticks inside. They do not regenerate, so once used, they are lost.
Each match creates bright light within a 60ft radius, with dim light to a further 30ft.
These can be lit in any environment, including space.

The Stop Watch
This watch looks like a regular silver digital watch.
Once per day, someone can use an interaction to press the button on the side and stop time.
The user gains an extra 2 rounds to act, as long as it does not directly harm a creature.
For example, hitting a creature stops the effect. Shotting an arrow freezes it in mid-air, thus letting the effect continue.

Door way
This folded cloth can fold out to the size of a regular door and sticks to the surface.
When stuck, it transforms into a regular door.
The door can create a passage through a wall up to 5ft thick, 3 times a day, resetting at Dawn.
Once on the other side of the door, the cloth flies through, closing the passage as it moves.

The Vork
Once a day, a user can tap the fork on anything upto 5 cubic feat.
They can then use the fork to eat the material, without becoming full or suffering any ill effects from it.
It takes 10 minutes to eat all the material in a 5ft cube.
1 hour after use, the user will shit themselves unless they can find a bathroom within 1 minute.


